Hi, everyone.
My name is Daniel Donbavand,
and welcome to my Pluralsight course on Developing .NET
Core Applications with DynamoDB on AWS.
This course will teach you how to build a real‑world ASP.NET Core
application working with items in Amazon Web Service's DynamoDB.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover are creating a
DynamoDB table inside the AWS Management Console,
setting up a brand‑new ASP.NET Core application.
The DynamoDB SDK for .NET has three models that allows us to
interact with DynamoDB from within our application.
We'll cover all three models,
including the differences between them and how to implement
them inside our .NET Core application.
Adding tests is an important part of creating any application.
I'll show you how we can create integration tests using an
in‑memory test server and a local instance of DynamoDB.
At the end of this course,
you'll be comfortable creating a .NET Core application,
implementing any of the three DynamoDB SDK for .NET models,
and creating an integration test framework using an in‑memory
test server and local instance of DynamoDB.
Before beginning this course,
I recommend that you are familiar with C# and object‑oriented programming.
I'm really excited about this course,
and I hope that you'll join me in learning how to create a .NET Core application with DynamoDB on AWS.